Announce Ansible 11 lifetime extension (#2491)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/roadmap/COLLECTIONS_11.rst

.. note::

    Minor and patch releases will stop when Ansible-13 is released.
    This will likely be in November 2025, at the end of the Ansible Core 2.18 critical bugfix support lifecycle.

>     This is roughly half a year longer than regular Ansible releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is approximately six months longer than regular Ansible releases.
```

Reviewer: Just being nitpicky but I would rephrase this to be a little more definitive. "roughly" is somewhat of a colloquial synonym for "approximately" and "six months" feels more specific than "half a year" even though they mean the same thing.
